Machine learning is a widely used tool in domains working with artificial intelligence and is a promising technique that made major progressed during the last few years.
 A significant part of machine learning is observing data to try to find the pattern that generated it. That is why it is essentially the same thing as pattern recognition.
 Once a machine learning algorithm has been trained enough by being fed data, it can use what was learned to make prediction of what can be expected from the following data.
 However, another aspect of machine learning is also checking the efficiency of a trained program : that the data predicted by a machine learning algorithm is close
 enough to the real data that can be observed in reality.

Therefore, when using machine learning for some application, an important part of the problem is always to test the algorithm give suitable answers.
 To this objective the F-measure is a way of checking the validity of the measures. The F-measure consider 2 important elements of evaluation : 
 Precision and Recall. First, the precision is a measure that counts the number of true positive measures founds over the number of false positive found.
 Having a test with a good precision means that when the test gives us a positive value, we can be sure the value is very well positive.
 On the other hand, recall gives us the number of true positive found over the total number of positive results that exist. An excellent recall performance
 means that the test will find all positive values and will not miss any. To evaluate the performance of a test, it is important to evaluate both aspects of a test.
 For example, a test might have an excellent precision but a terrible recall meaning that, while all our test measures may be correct, we missed a lot of results and
 the test performed poorly overall. 

The F-measure evaluates the quality of a test by evaluating both its precision and recall using a harmonic mean expressed as : 

								F_1 = 2 * precision*recall/(Precision+Recall)

To have a pertinent F-measure, using an arithmetic mean is not suitable. For example, for a test having a precision of 1 but a recall of 0,
 the arithmetic mean would rate the algorithm with a 0,5 while the algorithm could find no answer. A harmonic mean will give an F-measure of 0,
 correctly evaluating the performances of the test. As such, a harmonic mean punishes greatly a test with either a bad precision or a bad recall.
 Therefore, a harmonic mean to calculate the F-measure is used to give as much importance to the precision and to the recall of a test